What's new and different about the <Galaxy Z Flip6> ? 	"Would you believe it if I told you there's a way to stand out on selfies, customization and even communication? The Galaxy Z Flip6 offers all of this with Galaxy AI!

The Z Flip6's 50 MP flagship camera now provides you with incredible portraits, even at nights. You can get the best angle using automatic AI zoom without touching anything, even from a distance. Furthermore, Galaxy AI lets you edit your favorite memories even better by generating portraits in various styles, and adding 3D effects to images for an immersive viewing experience. AI experience still continues on every screen you see. You can tap or draw on the text to use further AI actions, which can let you compose a new image by adding sketches.
Additionally, you can even create unique images or try out things like interactive wallpapers. You can also can enjoy more vivid LED effects on the screen with interactive motion content by attaching LED Effect Cards to the Flipsuit Case.
The Z Flip6 provides a way to record your moments as videos more easily using the Camcorder grip. You can zoom in & out smoothly with the Zoom Rocker while holding the device with one hand.

The language barrier is no more thanks to Interpreter, which lets you translate conversations and view them as text or read them aloud. Now, you can communicate more fluently by showing translations on both screens - FlexWindow & main screen. Even long lectures won't be a problem, just let Z Flip6 interpret them in real time, and you can listen to translations with Galaxy Buds.
Chat Assist is another feature that allows you to save time to communicate. You can quickly reply to your friends, family on FlexWindow using just one hand with Suggested replies. Also, by putting some simple prompts, you are able to generate new text, even for business email.

The largest battery ever in Z Flip and enhanced power efficiency with the latest 4nm processor now lets you use the device long enough without charging. What's even more is that its very first Vapor Chamber ever in Z Flip cools the Z Flip6 faster, so don't you worry about overheat.

With the new premium Flip design and 4 iconic colors, we know you'll fall in love with this amazing AI-powered device."
"What kind of colors are available for
 <Galaxy Z Flip6>?"	"The Galaxy Z Flip6 comes in a variety of vibrant colors to match the energy and spirit of the new generation. 

It comes in 4 different colors of Blue, Silver Shadow, Mint.
For exclusive samsung.com colors, there are 3 unique options: Crafted Black, White, Peach

What color interests you the most?"
What are the key design elements/improvements to the <Galaxy Z Flip6>?  	"Thank you for asking, <Customer Name>. 

The Z Flip6 has a decorative design around the camera, as well as improved camera performance. Along with the bold camera, you can see the floating line from the side and the bezel border the device, which makes it look ultra modern and ultra sleek to add a more chic look.

Along with its modern sleek design, the Z Flip6 stands out with a fresh new color, Blue. Mint, the previous top color, is still available. We've tried to capture the energy and spirit of the new, young generation into 4 vibrant colors, Blue, Yellow, Sliver Shadow, Mint. We've prepared more options for you to choose from online: Crafted Black, White, and Peach.

Lastly, the Z Flip6's other improvement is its durability. Its exterior has got stronger with improved scratch and shock resistance with the enhanced Armor Aluminum. Even the folding edge and the display of the folding area is now firmer, so you won't have to worry about dropping or scratching it.

Also, there are lots of case options, so feel free to look around. They are not just a case, it's an another way to express yourself. For example, if a message comes in when a Flipsuit Case with an LED Effect Card is equipped, it shows vivid LED effects on the FlexWindow. We have prepared new Flipsuit Cards for more diverse content on the FlexWindow, so get one and keep both safety and design in your reach at once!"
I heard <Color> not available in our country. Is that right?	Unfortunately, that particular color option is not available in this region. However, we do have a variety of other colors to choose from, such as (available colors). 
Are there any exclusive color options when purchasing from S.com?	"Thanks for asking. The exclusive colors you can purchase from Samsung.com are Crafted Black, White, and Peach.

* Not in a participating country: Unfortunately, the Samsung.com Exclusive Color options are not available in this region. "
"What materials are used for the
<Galaxy Z Flip6>?"	"That's a great question, <Customer's name>!

Our efforts to make eco-conscious phones have expanded to cover more components. We've adopted not only recycled plastic/glass/aluminum, but also recycled cobalt/rare earth elements/TPU in key components. Besides the product, the bio-material ratio for the Z Flip6 cases has improved overall and the box which holds the product, is made of 100% recycled paper, so join us in taking a step forward for a greener future."
What are the UX improvements? 	"Thank you for asking, <Customer's name>!

The new One UI 6.1.1 contains features from both versions 6.0 and 6.1, but specialized for foldables.
It enhances the personal experience through customization and the FlexWindow. Other than that, the foldable experience that this new One UI 6.1.1 offers is truly unparalleled because of its intelligence.

Would you like to hear about what's new and different about the new One UI 6.1.1? (If yes, then proceed.)

'✔  Strengthening the personalization experience
A new One UI 6.1.1 focuses on customization, so most of the features come with a high level of freedom. Previously, you could select premade wallpapers and put some frames or styles on it. However, now you can create a unique wallpaper or even select an interactive wallpaper that responds to touch or movement. Even the frames, styles can be suggested to suit your preferred wallpaper. Improved wallpaper library also gives you more options for personalization. Basically, One UI 6.1.1 provides the best, effortless FlexWindow decorating experience with AI wallpaper.

(Continues in next cell)"
